{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz120000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green12\blue12;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34360\viewh21600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Embedded Systems Design Projects\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Welcome to the Embedded Systems Design Projects Repository!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 This repository showcases the culmination of efforts and skills developed throughout the course, focusing on the principles and practices of modern embedded systems design. Here, you'll find a collection of projects that delve into both the theoretical understanding and practical application of embedded systems, from microcontroller architecture to firmware development and PCB design.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Managed by Kenan Ntambwe, a Computer Engineering major, this repository houses projects that serve as a testament to the proficiency gained in this lab-intensive class under the guidance of Instructor Pierre-Emmanuel Gaillardon, TA Ashton Snelgrove, and Lab TA Cristian Tapiero.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Key Features\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Printed Circuit Board Design
\f2\b0 : Experience the journey from schematic to manufacturing, mastering both through-holes and surface-mount devices.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ARM Cortex Processors
\f2\b0 : Explore the fundamentals of ARM Cortex processors, including assembly, core architecture, and memory systems.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Firmware Development
\f2\b0 : Develop firmware using C for ARM Cortex-M0-based embedded systems, honing the ability to write efficient and robust code.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Microcontroller Peripherals
\f2\b0 : Utilize a diverse range of microcontroller peripherals such as GPIOs, interrupt managers, and timers to enhance system functionality.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Communication Protocols
\f2\b0 : Gain proficiency in various communication protocols including UART, I2C, and SPI, enabling seamless interaction with external devices.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sensor and Actuator Interfacing
\f2\b0 : Interface microcontrollers with sensors and actuators through analog-to-digital and digital-to-analog peripherals, enabling real-world interaction.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cyber-Physical Systems Modeling
\f2\b0 : Learn state-of-the-art techniques for modeling cyber-physical systems, bridging the gap between physical processes and computational systems.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Real-Time Operating Systems
\f2\b0 : Explore the mechanics of real-time operating systems, essential for applications requiring precise timing and responsiveness.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Complete Embedded System Implementation
\f2\b0 : Witness the culmination of skills through the implementation of complete embedded systems, from specifications to final testing.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 Projects\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lab 01 (Intro/GPIO)
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lab 02 (Interrupts)
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lab 03 (Timers)
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lab 04 (UART)
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lab 05 (I2C)
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lab 06 (Analog)
\f2\b0 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\b Lab 07 (PID Motor Controller)
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Getting Started\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 To get started with exploring the projects, simply clone this repository to your local machine and navigate to the respective project directories. Each project directory contains detailed documentation and source code to facilitate understanding and further exploration.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Acknowledgments\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Special thanks to Instructor Pierre-Emmanuel Gaillardon for his guidance and expertise throughout the course. Appreciation is also extended to TA Ashton Snelgrove and Lab TA Cristian Tapiero for their invaluable support.\
}